c:\users\ilusa\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Dictantus\DictantusCore\bin\Debug\DictantusCore.dll
c:\users\ilusa\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Dictantus\DictantusCore\bin\Debug\DictantusCore.pdb
c:\users\ilusa\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Dictantus\DictantusCore\obj\Debug\DictantusCore.dll
c:\users\ilusa\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Dictantus\DictantusCore\obj\Debug\DictantusCore.pdb
c:\users\ilusa\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Dictantus\DictantusCore\bin\Debug\DictantusCore.dll.config
c:\users\ilusa\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Dictantus\DictantusCore\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\ilusa\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Dictantus\DictantusCore\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
c:\users\ilusa\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Dictantus\DictantusCore\bin\Debug\System.Data.SQLite.dll
c:\users\ilusa\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Dictantus\DictantusCore\bin\Debug\System.Data.SQLite.EF6.dll
c:\users\ilusa\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Dictantus\DictantusCore\bin\Debug\System.Data.SQLite.Linq.dll
c:\users\ilusa\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Dictantus\DictantusCore\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\ilusa\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Dictantus\DictantusCore\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
c:\users\ilusa\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Dictantus\DictantusCore\bin\Debug\System.Data.SQLite.xml
C:\Users\Ilusa\Desktop\Новая папка (8)\Dictantus\DictantusCore\bin\Debug\DictantusCore.dll.config
C:\Users\Ilusa\Desktop\Новая папка (8)\Dictantus\DictantusCore\bin\Debug\DictantusCore.dll
C:\Users\Ilusa\Desktop\Новая папка (8)\Dictantus\DictantusCore\bin\Debug\DictantusCore.pdb
C:\Users\Ilusa\Desktop\Новая папка (8)\Dictantus\DictantusCore\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\Ilusa\Desktop\Новая папка (8)\Dictantus\DictantusCore\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
C:\Users\Ilusa\Desktop\Новая папка (8)\Dictantus\DictantusCore\bin\Debug\System.Data.SQLite.dll
C:\Users\Ilusa\Desktop\Новая папка (8)\Dictantus\DictantusCore\bin\Debug\System.Data.SQLite.EF6.dll
C:\Users\Ilusa\Desktop\Новая папка (8)\Dictantus\DictantusCore\bin\Debug\System.Data.SQLite.Linq.dll
C:\Users\Ilusa\Desktop\Новая папка (8)\Dictantus\DictantusCore\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\Ilusa\Desktop\Новая папка (8)\Dictantus\DictantusCore\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
C:\Users\Ilusa\Desktop\Новая папка (8)\Dictantus\DictantusCore\bin\Debug\System.Data.SQLite.xml
C:\Users\Ilusa\Desktop\Новая папка (8)\Dictantus\DictantusCore\obj\Debug\DictantusCore.dll
C:\Users\Ilusa\Desktop\Новая папка (8)\Dictantus\DictantusCore\obj\Debug\DictantusCore.pdb
