c:\users\ilusa\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Dictantus\Dictantus\bin\Release\Dictantus.exe.config
c:\users\ilusa\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Dictantus\Dictantus\bin\Release\Dictantus.exe
c:\users\ilusa\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Dictantus\Dictantus\bin\Release\Dictantus.pdb
c:\users\ilusa\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Dictantus\Dictantus\bin\Release\DictantusCore.dll
c:\users\ilusa\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Dictantus\Dictantus\bin\Release\DictantusData.dll
c:\users\ilusa\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Dictantus\Dictantus\bin\Release\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\ilusa\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Dictantus\Dictantus\bin\Release\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
c:\users\ilusa\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Dictantus\Dictantus\bin\Release\System.Data.SQLite.dll
c:\users\ilusa\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Dictantus\Dictantus\bin\Release\System.Data.SQLite.EF6.dll
c:\users\ilusa\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Dictantus\Dictantus\bin\Release\System.Data.SQLite.Linq.dll
c:\users\ilusa\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Dictantus\Dictantus\bin\Release\DictantusCore.pdb
c:\users\ilusa\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Dictantus\Dictantus\bin\Release\DictantusData.pdb
c:\users\ilusa\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Dictantus\Dictantus\bin\Release\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\ilusa\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Dictantus\Dictantus\bin\Release\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
c:\users\ilusa\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Dictantus\Dictantus\bin\Release\System.Data.SQLite.xml
c:\users\ilusa\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Dictantus\Dictantus\obj\Release\Dictantus.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\ilusa\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Dictantus\Dictantus\obj\Release\Dictantus.AuthorizationForm.resources
c:\users\ilusa\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Dictantus\Dictantus\obj\Release\Dictantus.ChoiseStudentForm.resources
c:\users\ilusa\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Dictantus\Dictantus\obj\Release\Dictantus.ChoiseTeacherForm.resources
c:\users\ilusa\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Dictantus\Dictantus\obj\Release\Dictantus.DictantStudentForm.resources
c:\users\ilusa\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Dictantus\Dictantus\obj\Release\Dictantus.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\ilusa\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Dictantus\Dictantus\obj\Release\Dictantus.SplashScreen.resources
c:\users\ilusa\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Dictantus\Dictantus\obj\Release\Dictantus.TeacherDictantForm.resources
c:\users\ilusa\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Dictantus\Dictantus\obj\Release\Dictantus.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\ilusa\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Dictantus\Dictantus\obj\Release\Dictantus.exe
c:\users\ilusa\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Dictantus\Dictantus\obj\Release\Dictantus.pdb
c:\users\ilusa\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Dictantus\Dictantus\bin\Release\Resources\BACK.jpg
